Changes in 2.3.8
----------------

## Ad-Hoc Inline Table

Contributed by @github:freakingawesome

the support of Ad-Hoc queries, where you can inject a collection of values, and they will be treated as an inline table inside your query.

```cs
var rateValues = new object[][] {
    new object[] { "2022-01-01", 100 },
    new object[] { "2022-01-03", 200 },
    new object[] { "2022-02-03", 180 },
});

new Query("Transactions")
    .With(
        "Rates",
        new[] { "Date", "Rate" },
        rateValues
    ).Join("Rates", "Rates.Date", "Transaction.Date")
    .Select(
        "Transactions.Serial",
        "Transactions.Amount"
    ).SelectRaw(
        "Transactions.Amount * Rates.Rate as AmountConverted"
    );
```

## New overload for `Select()`

Contributed by @github:asherber

A new overload is now available for the `Select()` method, that takes an `IEnumerable<string>` as parameter.

```cs
var columns = new List<string> {"Id", "Date", "Title"};

new Query("Table").Select(columns);
```

## Where(boolean) is now identical to WhereTrue and WhereFalse

Contributed by @github:ahmad-moussawi

Previously when passing a boolean to the `Where` method, SqlKata will send it as is, this lead to inconsistent behavior as with the `WhereTrue` and `WhereFalse` method,
now SqlKata will delegate the function call to `WhereTrue` and `WhereFalse` whenever detecting a boolean value.

## Fixing a bug for `Include` when the foreign value is null.

Contributed by @github:User00015

Previously when the foreign value is `NULL`, an unhandled exception is thrown, this fix check for the foreign value before trying to map the values.

## Case Insensitive Comparison enhancement for Postgres

Contributed by @github:ahmad-moussawi

The `WhereLike("Column1", "%Upper Word%", false)` method takes a third argument to indicate whether the comparison is case sensitive or not, where it uses the `LOWER` function (or similar) to do the comparison.

While this is handy, but it's not optimal in terms of performance, in this release we favor the native [ilike](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/functions-matching.html#FUNCTIONS-LIKE) function from Postgres instead.

## SqlServer is now using the new Offset Pagination by default

Contributed by @github:Wulfheart

Previously `SqlServerCompiler` was using the legacy pagination by default for maximum compatibility, unless setting the `UseLegacyPagination` to true explicitly

By now, it's safe to set the new pagination as default.

> **Warning: ** If you still depend on an old version of SqlServer you have to change the value to `true`.

## Github Action: Integration tests for MySql are now available in the pipeline

Contributed by @github:ahmad-moussawi

In terms of testing, SqlKata was covered by Unit Tests from the day one, but mostly for the Sql Generation part, in this release we worked hard to push it to the next level.

We've added the support for real integration tests, while this is available only for MySql at the moment, we are planning to expand the support for other vendors.
